# Dragon's Dogma Wiki Parser

I found myself wanting to generate large tables of the contents of the [Dragon's Dogma wiki](http://dragonsdogma.wikia.com), so I wrote a script to scrape it, and then generate those tables.

## Dependencies

* Python 3.5+ (maybe earlier versions will work, but I've only tested with 3.5.)
* The [requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/) Python library.
  * `pip install requests`
* The [ceterach](https://github.com/Riamse/ceterach) Python library (for `updater.py` only)
  * `pip install git+https://github.com/Riamse/ceterach`

## downloader.py

`python downloader.py [page name]`

This script gets a listing of all of the equipment pages, and then extracts the wiki markup for each page, saving it into a file in the 'cache' directory under the current directory.

If a page name is given, only that page is downloaded. This is useful for refreshing your cache after editing a page.

## parse_equipment.py

`python parse_equipment.py <category>`

After downloading all of the pages with `downloader.py`, we can extract the template data for each item, and then generate tables for each item level, and group them together within `<tabber></tabber>` tags. Prints the result to stdout.

The category matches the wiki category for a class of equipment: Swords, Shields, Torso Armor, etc.

## updater.py

See: `python updater.py --help`

Updates an autogenerated table in a page on the wiki. It uses comments in the wiki text to figure out where the table goes, and won't add a table if one isn't there already. It will also show a diff between the current revision and the new one.
